com/example/newsforyou/Fragments/SearchFragment.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SearchFragment
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SearchFragment$1
com/example/newsforyou/Class/View.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.View
com/example/newsforyou/Class/Like.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.Like
com/example/newsforyou/Class/Report.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.Report
com/example/newsforyou/Class/MainViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.MainViewPagerAdapter
com/example/newsforyou/SignInActivity.java
 com.example.newsforyou.SignInActivity
 com.example.newsforyou.SignInActivity$1
 com.example.newsforyou.SignInActivity$2
 com.example.newsforyou.SignInActivity$3
 com.example.newsforyou.SignInActivity$4
com/example/newsforyou/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.newsforyou.SignUpActivity
 com.example.newsforyou.SignUpActivity$1
 com.example.newsforyou.SignUpActivity$2
 com.example.newsforyou.SignUpActivity$2$1
 com.example.newsforyou.SignUpActivity$2$1$1
com/example/newsforyou/Class/Comment.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.Comment
com/example/newsforyou/NewsDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.newsforyou.NewsDetailsActivity
com/example/newsforyou/Class/ZoomOutPageTransformer.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.ZoomOutPageTransformer
com/example/newsforyou/Utils/EmptyRecyclerView.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Utils.EmptyRecyclerView
 com.example.newsforyou.Utils.EmptyRecyclerView$1
com/example/newsforyou/Fragments/SettingFragment.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SettingFragment
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SettingFragment$1
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SettingFragment$2
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SettingFragment$3
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SettingFragment$4
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SettingFragment$5
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SettingFragment$6
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SettingFragment$7
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SettingFragment$8
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SettingFragment$9
com/example/newsforyou/Class/User.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.User
com/example/newsforyou/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.newsforyou.ProfileActivity
 com.example.newsforyou.ProfileActivity$1
 com.example.newsforyou.ProfileActivity$2
 com.example.newsforyou.ProfileActivity$3
 com.example.newsforyou.ProfileActivity$4
 com.example.newsforyou.ProfileActivity$5
 com.example.newsforyou.ProfileActivity$6
 com.example.newsforyou.ProfileActivity$7
 com.example.newsforyou.ProfileActivity$7$1
com/example/newsforyou/Class/Category.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.Category
com/example/newsforyou/Class/News.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.News
com/example/newsforyou/DashboardActivity.java
 com.example.newsforyou.DashboardActivity
 com.example.newsforyou.DashboardActivity$1
 com.example.newsforyou.DashboardActivity$2
com/example/newsforyou/Class/Save.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.Save
com/example/newsforyou/ForgotPasswordActivity.java
 com.example.newsforyou.ForgotPasswordActivity
 com.example.newsforyou.ForgotPasswordActivity$1
 com.example.newsforyou.ForgotPasswordActivity$2
 com.example.newsforyou.ForgotPasswordActivity$3
com/example/newsforyou/Fragments/SaveFragment.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.SaveFragment
com/example/newsforyou/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.newsforyou.BuildConfig
com/example/newsforyou/Adapter/NewsAdapter.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Adapter.NewsAdapter
 com.example.newsforyou.Adapter.NewsAdapter$1
com/example/newsforyou/Class/History.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.History
com/example/newsforyou/Class/CheckValid.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Class.CheckValid
com/example/newsforyou/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.newsforyou.SplashActivity
 com.example.newsforyou.SplashActivity$1
 com.example.newsforyou.SplashActivity$2
com/example/newsforyou/Fragments/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.HomeFragment
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.HomeFragment$3
 com.example.newsforyou.Fragments.HomeFragment$4
